[TEACH cackles] My darkness
will swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I’ll lose to you?
I’m gonna be King
of the Pirates!
Roger’s treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the
Gum-Gum Fruit, sets sail
into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective
is to destroy a man-made
Devil Fruit Factory in
the kingdom of Dressrosa.
Luffy had intended to win
a tournament that promised
the Flame-Flame fruit to the
champion, but abandoned that
plan when Law was
captured by Doflamingo.
Now, he rushes to the
palace to save him.
I never thought he
might still be alive!
[ZORO]
Why have I never heard of 'im?
Who is this guy?
[LUFFY]
He’s... my brother.
[laughs] It’s just like
Ace said back then.
We all went our separate ways,
but we never stopped
being brothers!
[LUFFY] "“A Burning Passion!
Rebecca vs. Suleiman!"”
[CROWD cheering]
[panting]
[SULEIMAN grunts]
[GYATS] Suleiman renews his
savage assault on Rebecca!
He’s fended off her
Back-to-the-Water Dance!
He may very well be
our champion today!
Put her in her place, Suleiman!
[WOMAN B]
Drown, already! Go to hell!
Off with her head!
You got this, buddy!
Suleiman was once a war hero,
but despite his accolades
in the Dias Naval Battle,
he was exiled as a war criminal
and now walks on the dark side!
[GYATS] He stalks the
battlefield like a ghost.
No! Like a grim reaper!
Everything that I did...
It was all for the
sake of my country.
A land that I once loved.
[SULEIMAN]
Can you say the same?
[MAN F]
Get out of Dressrosa!
[MAN G]
Down with the Riku bloodline!
The people truly
seem to despise you.
It must be suffocating,
living under the weight
of their contempt.
I don’t care how hard it is.
I don’t care how
much they hate me.
All I want...
All I want is to live together
with Soldier in peace!
[AGILIA grunts]
[AGILIA]
Rebecca.
She refuses to submit!
Such a beautiful--
Ah--such a detestable display!
Anyway, let’s hear it for
the final 30 competitors
here in Block D!
[CROWD cheers]
[growling]
[AGYO groans]
[ORLUMBUS grunting]
[yells]
[CROWD cheers]
Another man is down!
Or rather an animal!
The lion Agyo is truly
the king of the beasts,
making the coliseum run red
with the blood of his
countless victims!
And yet, even a king must kneel
before the might
of Orlumbus’ whip!
[yells]
He’s strong!
Yeah, you got this!
[GYATS]
Our strongest competitors
are still in the game.
But we may see an upset
from an unknown fighter!
At any rate, only
one can advance!
They’ve all got their
sights on Rebecca!
[CROWD clammors]
[GYATS]
Who’s gonna take her head?
[REBECCA]
Soldier.
I don’t know where
you are right now.
But please, don’t die!
That’s all I ask!
[MAN H]
What’s taking so long?
[MAN I]
Chop her up already!
[MAN J]
Die, Rebecca!
[SULEIMAN]
I derive some pleasure,
hearing all that
hatred raining down.
You know why?
Because when I defeat
you in a moment,
it shall surely become applause.
[REBECCA]
He’s fast and lethal.
I can’t treat him
like the others.
[SULEIMAN] I shall give
the audience a gift.
One last look at
your pretty face
after I slice it off your skull!
It looks like Suleiman
is out for blood.
He wants Rebecca dead
as much as we do!
[SULEIMAN grunts]
[gsaps]
[gasps]
[AGILIA grunting]
[AGILIA groans]
Huh? What a twist!
Agilia just took
a blow for Rebecca!
Agilia!
[AGILIA grunts]
You had better get
out of my way!
Did she save her,
or is she merely
delaying the inevitable?
[GYATS] At any rate, now the
crowd hates Agilia, too!
[screams]
[REBECCA gasps]
[AGILIA groans]
[REBECCA]
Please, hang in there!
Listen to me, Rebecca.
No matter what, you...
...you must...
...win this.
Promise me.
This fight isn’t over
till I take your head.
[GYATS]
Suleiman the Beheader continues
his assault on Rebecca!
[LUFFY] Hope Traffy’s okay.
That looked bad.
[KIN’EMON]
Sir Luffy!
[LUFFY]
Hm? What’s up?
[KIN’EMON]
Sir Zoro is missing.
He was with us
only a moment ago.
We ran in a straight line.
How do you mess up that bad?
[KIN’EMON] Should we turn
around and search for him?
We don’t have time for that!
Traffy needs our help!
Let’s just go!
He always finds us
sooner or later.
[KIN’EMON]
Is that so?
[ZORO]
Wha...?
Oh...
Where did everybody go?
Why’d you turn when nobody
else did, you dummy?
[ZORO groans]
[BOY A]
Look at that big toy!
[WICKA gasps]
Someone’s coming!
It’s a samurai cat!
And he’s fluffy, too!
Check out his haircut!
[ALL]
He’s so cool!
[ZORO grunts] The last
thing I need right now
is a bunch of brats
crawling all over me!
Just try to be nice!
Everyone here thinks
you’re a toy!
If you go around town
starting trouble,
your cover will be blown!
I know that!
[BOY A]
He’s got swords! Three of '‘em!
Wow, and they look like
the real thing, too!
[BOY C]
Lemme see!
[ZORO]
Whoa. No touching the swords.
[BOYS]
A... A cat punch?!
[sobs] This cat toy is bad!
I hit my head!
It hit a child!
Toys aren’t supposed to do that!
The thing must be broken!
[MAN E] Somebody!
Call the police, hurry!
[ZORO]
What? Uh--
[ZORO groans]
[POLICE A]
Stop right there, you evil toy!
[POLICE B]
Don’t make me shoot you!
[ZORO]
I barely touched his head!
It’s not my fault the
kid is such a wuss!
[WICKA] I warned you,
but you wouldn’t listen!
What the heck is your problem?
You really are a blockhead, huh?
[ZORO]
Very helpful. Thank you.
[POLICE]
Get back here!
[POLICE A]
Whoa!
[ZORO]
Huh? Luffy! Kin’emon!
Oh, hey, there you are!
[KIN’EMON] I’m pleased to
see you unharmed, Sir Zoro.
Ha, ha! It’s a little person!
Follow my directions, and
I’ll get you to the palace.
Where did you find her?
[KIN’EMON] Is she a friend
of yours, Sir Zoro?
[ZORO] Eh, I don’t know
if that’s the word I’d use.
I’m a member of the King
Riku Army’s Scouting Unit.
The name’s Wicka.
Anyway, we need to step on it!
[WICKA] The operation is
already starting without us!
What?!
What do you mean "the
Soldier went on ahead"?
He’s the leader!
While we’re down here,
he’ll be busy
preparing for the next
leg of the operation.
Once we take out Sugar,
Doflamingo will be vulnerable
to a surprise attack.
So he’s headed to the palace
with a team of Tontatta
to assassinate him!
[DWARF A]
Good luck, commander!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
But we’ll be fine,
because we have a
legendary hero like you!
Please take command of Operation
SOP and do battle with Sugar!
Only you can lead us to victory!
What?!
[DWARVES cheer]
[USOPP] Don’t give me
the most important job!
Are you nuts?
This is where we are right now.
All the bridges
in this area move.
Now take a look at that
building in the distance.
[LEO] The one that looks
like a sea anemone.
That’s the executive tower
where our target, Sugar,
will be waiting.
[USOPP]
Can we even get there?
I doubt they’ll
let us just waltz in.
[USOPP yelps]
Uh-oh!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Stop screwing around
and get back to work!
Y’think I don’t see you?
[screams]
They’ve found us!
We’re done for!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
Wait a minute!
What ship do you work on?
I’m just an innocent
passerby, sir!
Feel free to ignore me!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
We don’t allow anyone
to get off the ship
except the brokers.
Everyone knows that!
Now, Inhel!
Right!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE B]
Huh?
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES whimpering]
The fairies are here!
[BOTH]
They took all our stuff!
Tontatta... Combat!
[LEO, INHEL]
Tail Hammer!
[BOTH yelp]
[BOTH gasp]
[USOPP]
Naked and buried, huh?
[COTTON]
Here, Usoland. Robiland.
Your disguises.
Nice one! Wow!
You really think fast!
Pretending you were scared gave
us the perfect chance to attack!
A brilliant strategy
from our hero!
We can’t just force our way in,
and getting a disguise
is nice and sneaky!
Uh-- Yeah, of course! [laughs]
Hey, are all of you
guys that strong?
That attack really
packed a punch! Yeesh!
[LEO]
That’s pretty average for us.
Of course, that’s nothing
compared to your power!
People from Noland’s bloodline
can take down Sea Kings!
[USOPP]
Great. They really think
I’m some kind of superpowered
monster, don’t they?
Y’know what? Fine!
I think I have plan!
Maybe I can pull this
off without fighting!
[USOPP]
All right, listen to Usoland!
I am taking command
of this operation!
Our target is
a little girl, right?
So we’re not gonna fight her.
We’re gonna scare
her out of her wits!
[DWARVES]
Yes, sir!
Uh... Actually, uh...
Lead the way, my brave friends!
[DWARVES yell]
To the tower! Straight ahead!
[DWARVES]
Yeah!
[PIRATE A]
Everyone, get in the lift!
There’s an intruder
at the Toy House!
It’s one of the
Straw Hat Pirates.
Franky. The report says
he’s at the east entrance,
fighting with Señor Pink.
He’s aiming for the
factory on this floor!
Good luck out there.
If we take him out,
we should get a nice bonus!
Holy crap! Like how much?
Well, his bounty is pretty high!
I’ll be rich!
You gotta share!
[PIRATES laughing, chattering]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Yeah, we’ll see!
At this rate, we’ll be stuck
going up and down
in here forever.
Let’s take over the lift.
Wait here for now.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES]
Huh?
I’m seizing this
lift! Don’t move.
I know you!
The soldier from the coliseum!
How’d you get in here?
Where’d he go?
Over here!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H]
Little punk!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE H groans]
You’re too slow!
[REBECCA whimpers]
[TOY SOLDIER]
Too slow!
[REBECCA] That’s domestic
violence! It’s child abuse!
[TOY SOLDIER]
You were supposed to dodge!
If it was up to me,
I wouldn’t hit you at all!
Then don’t follow through
with your swing!
You need a sense of danger
to improve yourself!
Now focus! Once again!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Human instinct is powerful!
You’re much stronger than this!
Look within yourself!
Show me the
strength of humanity!
[REBECCA]
What would you know about that?
You’re a toy!
And you’re still too slow!
[REBECCA groans]
[TOY SOLDIER]
That’s it, Rebecca. Focus.
Bring out your human instincts!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Believe in the power of mankind!
[REBECCA]
I don’t want to fight!
I don’t want to
practice anymore!
[REBECCA] Why can’t you
keep protecting me?
[REBECCA]
You promised, didn’t you?
[REBECCA] That you’d stay
by my side till the end,
no matter what!
Remember, how you
said that happiness
would return to me someday?
Until then, you’re
s’posed to stay with me!
I'’m nothing but a toy,
beaten by the wind and rain.
My body rusts.
[creaking]
[TOY SOLDIER] I don’t know
how long I can continue!
Rebecca! Stand up!
Become strong!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E growls]
[TOY SOLDIER]
This body is not meant to fight.
Perhaps toys only exist
to be broken, from the start.
Before the children who play
with them become adults.
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E growls]
Dammit!
[KYROS]
Forgive me, Rebecca.
[groans]
[KYROS] It seems I’ve
failed you as a father.
All I could teach
you is how to fight.
[gasps] Nobody warned me
this guy was so strong!
What does a toy
like you even want?
Why are you fighting us?
I’m here because I want
a kingdom at peace,
where my child can live happily!
To that end,
I shall fight for King Riku!
[PIRATES gasp]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE G]
King Riku?
What the hell are you saying?
You’ve lost your mind!
[KYROS]
I will lay my life on the line.
I must see this mission through!
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATES yelp]
Wha...? What just happened?
This is chaos!
[SABO]
Impressive speed.
Yeah, no joke!
I musta blinked and missed it!
[SABO]
So it seems the rumors are true.
I’m speechless, folks!
Just like that, the
whole ring is out cold!
All of the top contenders
have been felled in an instant!
No one... No one
is left standing!
[GYATS] I’ve never seen
anything like it!
The match has ended
in an instant.
But there’s no
winner to speak of!
[CROWD gasping]
[GYATS]
Wait! Do you see that?
In the smoke, one
fighter begins to rise!
[CROWD cheers]
[NARRATOR] What happened
in the battle for Block D?
And what are the
Slicing Winds of Rommel
that instantly knocked every
single fighter to the ground?
When the shocking truth is
revealed, it sends tremors
through the colosseum and sets
Rebecca’s destiny in stone.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"“The End of the Match?!
A Surprising Result of Block D!"”
I’m gonna be
King of the Pirates!